raise log level for one component (#5224)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/logger.rst

        mqtt.component: DEBUG
        mqtt.client: ERROR

The `level` option controls which log statements are included in the
firmware. You cannot set a tag to a more detailed level than

> the global one, because logs higher that level are not compiled in.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the global one, because log statements with lower severity than that level are not compiled in.  
```

> However, you can silent them using `initial_level`, and raise them for specifics logs tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can suppress them using `initial_level`, and enable them for specific tags:
```

        mqtt.component: DEBUG
        mqtt.client: ERROR

The `level` option controls which log statements are included in the
firmware. Normally, you cannot set a tag to a more detailed level than
the global one, because logs below that level are not compiled in.  
However, you can override this by using `initial_level`:

> 

Author: Fixed. Now say that they are compiled in, but not shown

.. code-block:: yaml

    logger:
      level: VERBOSE
      initial_level: ERROR
      logs:
        wifi: VERBOSE

> 

Author: This was my previous workaround before understanding the way `initial_level` works with `logs` tag. 
With `initial_level` using `on_boot` and `logger.set_level` is not needed.
